FF124 shadowRootClonable and friends (#33325)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmltemplateelement/shadowrootclonable/index.md

---
title: "HTMLTemplateElement: shadowRootClonable property"
short-title: shadowRootClonable
slug: Web/API/HTMLTemplateElement/shadowRootClonable
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLTemplateElement.shadowRootClonable
---

{{APIRef("Web Components")}}

The **`shadowRootClonable`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLTemplateElement")}} interface indicates whether a [shadow root](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Shadow_tree) that that was [declaratively created](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/template#declarative_shadow_dom) is [`clonable`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ShadowRoot/clonable).

If this is `true` then a shadow host cloned with {{domxref("Node.cloneNode()")}} or {{domxref("Document.importNode()")}} will include a shadow root in the copy.
The default value is `false`.

This property reflects the value of the [`shadowrootclonable`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/template#shadowrootclonable) attribute of the associated [`<template>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/template) element.

## Value

`true` if the shadow root of is clonable; otherwise `false`.

## Examples

> This example shows how you can create a shadow root declaratively, specifying the `shadowrootclonable` attribute, and then log the value.

Author: Makes sense thanks.

> First we declare shadow root, using a `<template>` element with the `shadowrootmode` attribute
> The `shadowrootclonable` is also set, making it clonable.

Author: ```suggestion
We declare a shadow root by specifying  a `<template>` element with the `shadowrootmode` attribute set to one of the allowed values.
The `shadowrootclonable` is also set, making it clonable.
```

---
title: "HTMLTemplateElement: shadowRootClonable property"
short-title: shadowRootClonable
slug: Web/API/HTMLTemplateElement/shadowRootClonable
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLTemplateElement.shadowRootClonable
---

{{APIRef("Web Components")}}

The **`shadowRootClonable`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLTemplateElement")}} interface indicates whether a [shadow root](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Shadow_tree) that that was [declaratively created](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/template#declarative_shadow_dom) is [`clonable`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ShadowRoot/clonable).

If this is `true` then a shadow host cloned with {{domxref("Node.cloneNode()")}} or {{domxref("Document.importNode()")}} will include a shadow root in the copy.
The default value is `false`.

This property reflects the value of the [`shadowrootclonable`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/template#shadowrootclonable) attribute of the associated [`<template>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/template) element.

## Value

`true` if the shadow root of is clonable; otherwise `false`.

## Examples

> 

Author: FYI, this started as a live example. It appeared to work, but actually the template was being rendered as a template, not a shadow root. Something to do with unsafe HTML and the MDN environment.
